# IGS-Indoor: Visualizing Interaction Over Space & Time
Hi there! This is a repository for the Interaction Geography Slicer (IGS) - Indoor, an open-source, dynamic visualization tool that provides novel ways to visualize movement, conversation, and audio/video data over space and time. IGS-Indoor is written in JavaScript and p5.js. We are rapidly developing and expanding IGS-Indoor features and collaborators in this effort are welcome. If you have found a bug, you can file it under the “issues” tab. You can also request new features here. For more information on the IGS and also how to properly format, collect, or transcribe your data for use in this tool please visit: https://www.benrydal.com/software/igs-indoor

CREDITS/LICENSE INFORMATION: This software is written in JavaScript and p5.js and uses YouTube and Kaltura Video Player APIs and the PapaParse library by Matt Holt for CSV file processing. This software is licensed under the GNU General Public License Version 2.0. See the GNU General Public License included with this software for more details. Classroom discussion example data is used with special permission from Mathematics Teaching and Learning to Teach (MTLT), University of Michigan. (2010). Sean Numbers-Ofala. Classroom science lesson data is made possible by the researchers and teachers who created The Third International Mathematics and Science Study (TIMSS) 1999 Video Study. IGS-Indoor software was originally developed by Ben Rydal Shapiro at Vanderbilt University as part of his dissertation titled Interaction Geography & the Learning Sciences. Copyright (C) 2018 Ben Rydal Shapiro, and contributors. To reference or read more about this work please see: https://etd.library.vanderbilt.edu/available/etd-03212018-140140/unrestricted/Shapiro_Dissertation.pdf